If you win
I'm kneeling here
Kowtow to all the people in Zhaojiacun and apologize
And leave Great Xia from now on
No longer step into the big summer half step
What you say doesn't count
I want to hear from Takahashi
Tell Taro Takahashi himself
It's also you who said I can't gamble
My mom said it.
I promise. Okay.
Then I bet
Zhao Ruolan, you bargain
You've made us miserable.
Aren't you ashamed?
Zhao Ruolan
If you lose
We won't have the face to see our ancestors in the future
Village chief uncle
You believe me.
Zhao Rulan, this is 600 kilograms
If you never get up and smash the plaque
I will really expel you from Zhaojiacun today
If I don't win the High George ball today
You help me evict Zhaojiacun
I have no regrets.
Lift it up
Lifted up
How is that possible?